# Mission and vision
Purpose of Munch is to connect a modern workplace to make its people more productive, and happier by facilitating new relationships across organizations in a natural way.

## Inspiration
Nobody says: “I wish I knew less people at my company”. We know it’s important to network and we know it helps us be more productive, but it’s hard to “just meet” people. Technology has enabled teams to grow larger and further apart by a virtue of video conferencing and real time collaboration tools. This however, has introduced a modern problem into our workplace. A feeling of separation and disconnect from each other. In a company of hundreds or thousands of people we know our immediate team and maybe someone who sits on our floor, yet our work spans across many teams who aren’t next to us. We’re expected to just walk into meetings with strangers and be productive. That’s anxiety inducing and productivity diminishing environment. We think we can change that. 

## Solution 
Our solution is simple, integrated, intelligent and most of all natural. There is no better way to start a new relationship than over a delicious meal. Sales people have figured that out years ago. The excitement and rush of endorphins help us get over anxiety of meeting someone new and sharing that experience with a stranger is a sure way to make that relationship last. To make our solution frictionless we developed an Outlook add-in that can be used to set preferences and availability. It works seamlessly on a desktop as well as Office 365. We can leverage LinkedIn’s integration to make our matches more interesting and provide quick introduction of people before they meet. All you need to do is accept a meeting invitation and show up.
